# About

Litex is a simple, yet powerful proof assistant that bridges the gap between programming and mathematics. It is easy to learn, to understand, and to use. Litex syntax is put together from ideas borrowed from programming languages like Python, Go and mainstream mathematical conventions. Huge effort has been put to make Litex as aligned with everyday mathematical expression as possible so that everyone, including middle school students, can quickly pick it up. Strictness and flexibity has been in a very elegant balance.

If you ever wrote a proof in traditional proof assistants like Coq, Isabelle, Lean, etc., you probably know this feeling: you want to add a new statement, but the code is already so big, with so many unfamiliar notations, and so far away from natural way of reasoning. Or you want to add a new definition, but it takes you several days to learn background knowledge to do so. No matter you are an AI researcher wanting to improve reasoning capablity of your AI model by utilizing formal data, or a mathematician wanting to write a paper, you will be frustrated by the complexity of the proof assistant. A 5-minutes proof usually takes 50 minutes to write in a traditional proof assistant.

In such cases, Litex is just the language for you. Litex is simple to use, but it is powerful enough to handle complex proofs. Being a language designed for and only for reasoning, Litex does not include any unnessary functionalities like execution, loops, which programming languages like Lean and Coq have. No extra complexity is introduced over the complexity of the proof itself. Writing a proof in Litex is as natural as writing a proof in natural language.